all of them have also been able to withdraw from this short course for a few years
persie part 3
I mean whole part 3
r previous time had putter with legs over over the fit of the head
and that was on top of various forms around us
that we all unsubscribe there for it is all possible in waxaar
to create
so confess from vandals
just a little in this third movie for years
I want to pay some attention to it
open houses day looking around for a league sandwich learning something
from Serbia to the day of the media took shape
what I also do something about that
hardly anything
make orchestrations maybe we already have tickets there
especially from her clip
I the reason that it omits each other a little to the name idea
but that's pretty much the conditions of the club, I thought
rademaker from dexia clipmaker easily win the way it did in the previous lot
countries have shortly said that we determined after a pile of form
the position of the eyes
7 have animals in this case
I flew today we will rarely stop so that
so that everyone can get used to it
large round eyes this case tipped a very large one
and then smaller ones
they have a pupil
of course hot ticken.nl runs out and on different places
their cart
we both have the ability to come in view characters yellow
what a stupid thing
so one upwards
do you know a whole lot
that still has weird red
we can of course also use the adolescent butter
that's it entirely because
with the other traffic in the building
Well let me say try experimenting a bit
and I look forward to being able to do everything with paper
can of course send the viewer current on all sides
suppose that they are carjacking with the capel players and to the left
then you are automatically inclined to look up at the object next to it
looking at concrete steel
so in an arena you can do a little more elaborate drawing cork a bit
play
especially to watch
choose a big nose for this in this case
we a well I think this can be a nice snack with the
name with a big mustache
9 to read
that the from that the aclu
schuttevaer
anyway draw paper and shape it still has one of it
fund cigar or something
then do yes we do immediately think then man man man man man stop
or male with some big mustache
that because the bank read a little newspaper
why don't I have very big ears
how difficult because too
well the nice thing is the van dyck groninger i through the curve we can get them
just that way a little to the right for him to watch
left and for us
stabbing cooking format movement v
through the net it looks like she's more left and right
to the right before the end of May already for us
make good to nac the gentleman can
with that, last week is a little bit on the side of the height
well behind big eyes we can do nothing
so I think we are ready to fill in the multiple with a marker
start with the eyes again this time
cycling
a big nose
with a mustache underneath
think this is the original netherlands
but as you can see we are full of it I have the left eyebrow of the way
I have land in the sky as Sweden became that is the fun of the bobbin of course
they are not real
and that is just as well as on yes as you never put that on that road
encounter this way
of course they look like sincere people
but that is of course all that is simply a complete freedom for you
to do what you want
you are the language not bound countries laws of nature
I would say playable too, just enjoy them a bit
the movement fights on the side of the head
but what I also did not show fame time last week is that it says so
But after you do the tuk tuk tuk on a drawing with a pen with an ever
stronger colored
all polder land will be wiped out after a beautiful
soest
by this beautiful the pain or the star opposite as well
anyway i was the lack of the riders part 3
I look forward to seeing you again next week and next week